The jewelry stolen 5 years ago has been restored
younger brother
Brother, what are you doing?
Ahhhhh
Dad, what's the matter?
My third brother won't let him return the watch in his head
He hit me, I didn't
Did not steal
I didn't steal Dad's watch. Why do you have it?
Your hands and feet must be dirty.
I want to take my dad's things
To fool around with the wrong people in society?
Dad, he framed me
He framed me
I don't regret my mistakes
How dare you frame your brother?
Hey husband
Hua Can, he just returned to this house and is not used to it.
Uh, you can pretend that Xiaoli stole this watch.
Don't embarrass Hua Can
Huacan, this watch is your father's favorite
You don't have enough money to go out and play
I can give you Xiaoli's pocket money.
You can't steal your belongings?
It's not that I can't
The general can't tolerate a thief like you
Go back to your foster mother today
When will you get rid of the nausea of stealing?
Come back later.
Hey brother
Dad is also for your own good
I don't want you to know
Because you are the second generation of rich, you are squandering
Just listen to dad
Yeah, your dad is also well-intentioned
Do you want to remodel it well?
Let's go, the general has no room for thieves
You are really the son I hold in the palm of my hand
You really know how to pretend, don't you?